Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another door on this course on Ruby.
And in this story, we are again going to be covering two functions that are going to be the end and
the usual function.
Now, you have already covered equal function before by Mr. Dorelle.
We are going to see that how it is going to be used on a range in Ruby.
So starting on with the first one that is the end function.
Now, the end is an invalid method in Ruby that returns the last element of the give and range.
And if you talk about the syntax for this and function, it is very simple.
You can just write and range dot and and as you can see that the function accepts no parameter and the
return value is going to be the last value of the given range you have specified.
Then comes the second function we are going to be covering in this tutorial is the equal function and
the equal is also an invalid method in Ruby that returns boolean value.
True, if both the give and ranges are equal as what it is going to do is that it is going to return
false.
Then if you talk about the syntax for this EQM function, you have to write in range.
One dot equals a question mark is going to be included with it and in the brackets it has no certain
object for itself, but it is going to take in a whole range and it is going to match it with the other
range you have specified.
So it is going to match this range that is right over here with whatever arrange you have specified
in the brackets over here.
So it is going to return boolean value.
True about the given ranges are equal else.
What it is going to do is that it is going to return false.
So let's go to simple examples of these two simple functions.
So I will move on to Adam and we will start on with the first one that is the end function about which
I told you that is going to return the last element of the give and range.
So let's just specify a range that is equal to zero nine.
So it has elements from zero to nine.
And if you just write in votes range dot.
And around this God, you can see that it has returned the last element for whatever range we use over
here.
So if you just reach six over here, it it is going to return six, eight over here.
Run it.
It is going to return it.
So in every case, it is going to return.
The last element, very simple.
Now, moving towards the second one in that we are going to have two ranges.
Let's say first range is from zero to nine and the range one is also going to be from zero to nine.
And in that way they are both going to get equal.
So what we are going to do is that we are going to ride in boats.
Range.
Dodd, EQM out a question mark and then in the brackets, we are going to write in the second range,
we want to check.
And so what it is going to do is that it is going to check if range is equal to range one or annoyed
and it is going to return.
True if it is and false if it is not or underscored and it is going to return.
True, as you can see, that both the ranges are the same.
So if you just write in, let's say eight or Hill, run the score now you can see that it has now generated
false alarm.
So what about if we just specify nine point zero over here?
So if you just run the scored, it is going to again return false because both these are not safe.
Same again.
If you just specify nine Ojea run the score, it is also going to again return false since it has a
decimal value here and it has not.
So if you just specify in any one zero over here now it is going to return.
True.
So it is going to check for two elements to be equal, not only about the values, but it is also going
to check if those values are the same in their types or not.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.